## Plans
	- TODO I want to make a table of [[tarot correspondences]] today [[Tarot]]
		- DONE Major Arcana table based on kabalah
		- minor arcana tables based on tarot 5781
			- [[Minor Arcana Correspondence Tables]]
				- DOING finish the simple chart based on apprentice deck keywords [[Tarot-Tables]]
				  :LOGBOOK:
				  CLOCK: [2024-07-03 Wed 15:59:22]
				  :END:
				- TODO [[Suit of Fire]]
				  background-color:: red
				- TODO [[Suit of Water]]
				  background-color:: blue
				- TODO [[Suit of Air]]
				  background-color:: yellow
				- TODO [[Suit of Earth]]
				  background-color:: green
	- DONE I have [[counseling]] today
		- It went fine. we just talked about the [[ancients]] and how its still pretty similar now adays.
- ### Daily
	- I woke up with a stiff neck
		- bad sleep posture?
		- I used some arthritis roll on and the gua sha stone and it feels alot better
	- Dreamt about yelling at a substitute over art [[Dream]]
		- It was taking place in the [[Bookworm]], which in the [[giftroom]] was half [[warehouse]] half [[school]] like usual.
		- I made some painting where I put the paint on the table first and then was going to lay the paper on it.
			- the Sub cleaned it up and blamed me of stealing her blue and yellow paint and we got in an [[arguement]] because like more than one person can have those basic ass paint colors.
			- I called her a moron and an Idiot and she lied and said I hit her.
			- afterwards I slept behind the counter on an elevated bed while my old highschool friends played nerf around me?
			- then I was trying to look up the school website so I could call them and tell them they lied, but apple had implemented a new keyboard where you had to dress up a little man to communicate with and it made me cry because it was impossible to use.
	- Dreamt about something to do with speaking English to a Japanese man in Japan. [[Dream]]
		- I had some sort of accent.
	- Thought about [[props]]
	- I created a [[Templates]] page and also tried to catalogue what I would like to [buy]([[Tarot]]).